Create API reference documentation site. (#144)
krzema12/snakeyaml-engine-kmp: README.md

SnakeYAML Engine KMP is based on
[SnakeYAML Engine](https://bitbucket.org/snakeyaml/snakeyaml-engine/).

> [!TIP]
> Are you wondering if SnakeYAML Engine KMP is for you?
>
> SnakeYAML Engine KMP offers fine-grained control and advanced functionality,
> which is a good fit if you need more customization and flexibility.
>

> > If you're for a hassle-free YAML parsing experience, we recommend using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're for a hassle-free YAML (de)serialization experience, we recommend using
```
since both solutions can also emit YAML.

The library has been successfully ported to KMP, and is consumed by [kaml](https://github.com/charleskorn/kaml),
a library that integrates with [kotlinx.serialization](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.serialization).

SnakeYAML Engine KMP uses comprehensive [YAML test suites](https://github.com/yaml/yaml-test-suite)
that validate correctness. However, performance has not been evaluated.

## How to use

> [!NOTE]

> > SnakeYAML Engine KMP is a low-level library, only intended to be used by libraries.

Reviewer: It also has some higher-level API. I'd omit this change here. We already mention kaml earlier.

Author: Yeah, I see your point.

My intention was to add a note to guide the majority of devs towards a more straightforward solution, because, while it's true that SnakeKMP _can_ be used at a high level, it does requires more set up.

What about this instead? Something that's more of a comparative, just providing some information for people to use.

> [!TIP]
> Are you wondering if SnakeYAML Engine KMP is for you?
>
> SnakeYAML Engine KMP offers fine-grained control and advanced functionality, which is a good fit if you need more customization and flexibility.
> 
> If you're for a hassle-free YAML parsing experience, we recommend using kaml, which is designed for simplicity and ease of integration.

Reviewer: Much better!
